===first-line-ross-1===
Here's some embedded ansi color codes! [38;2;204;39;187mYou have freedom here.[0m The only guide is your heart.
We can always carry this a step further. There's really no end to this.
I really recommend you use odorless thinner or your spouse is gonna run you right out into the yard and you'll be working by yourself.
Let's give him a friend too. Everybody needs a friend. Follow the lay of the land. It's most important. Only eight colors that you need. Now we can begin working on lots of happy little things. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.
Nothing wrong with washing your brush. What the devil. Fluff that up.
You have freedom here. The only guide is your heart. We can always carry this a step further. There's really no end to this. 
I really recommend you use odorless thinner or your spouse is gonna run you right out into the yard and you'll be working by yourself.
Let's give him a friend too. Everybody needs a friend. Follow the lay of the land. It's most important. Only eight colors that you need. 
Now we can begin working on lots of happy little things. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.
Let's do it again then, what the heck. Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty in it.
Use what happens naturally, don't fight it. How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That's your challenge for the day. These little son of a guns hide in your brush and you just have to push them out.
If it's not what you want - stop and change it. Don't just keep going and expect it will get better.
Let all these things just sort of happen. As trees get older they lose their chlorophyll. So often we avoid running water, and running water is a lot of fun. And just raise cain. You don't have to be crazy to do this but it does help.
This is a happy place, little squirrels live here and play. We'll do another happy little painting.
Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul.
Just make a decision and let it go. A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him.
Nothing wrong with washing your brush. What the devil. Fluff that up.
Nature is so fantastic, enjoy it. Let it make you happy. We'll make some happy little bushes here.
Isn't it fantastic that you can change your mind and create all these happy things?
Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. I'm sort of a softy, I couldn't shoot Bambi except with a camera.
We artists are a different breed of people. We're a bunch.
We don't make mistakes we just have happy little accidents. There it is.
If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. Don't be afraid to make these big decisions.
Once you start, they sort of just make themselves.
===last-line-ross-1===
