This file contains exactly 4096 bytes.
Having a good day. But we're not there yet, so we don't need to worry about it. Let your heart be your guide. This is an example of what you can do with just a few things, a little imagination and a happy dream in your heart. If you hypnotize it, it will go away. It's almost like something out of a fairytale book. There are no mstakes. The man who does the best job is the one who is happy at his job. Take your time and enjoy.
Let's build some happy little clouds up here. With practice comes confidence We're a happy bunch. We don't need any guidelines or formats. This is probably the greatest thing that's ever happened in my life. See it finished in your mind before you ever start. Let the paint work. See. Very easy to work these to death. No worries. Be brave. We artists are a different breed of people.
No cares. Everyone needs a friend. The first step to doing anything is to believe you can do it. We touch the canvas, the canvas takes what it wants. It's life. If we're gonna walk though the woods, we need a little path. Absolutely no pressure. You can't make a mistake. Let's put some happy little bushes on the other side now. We all need friends. Once you learn the technique, ohhh! Turn you loose on the world; you become a tiger. Don't hurry. We take the corner of the brush and let it play back-and-forth. Making all those little fluffies that live in the clouds.
You can get away with a lot. I really believe that if you practice enough you could paint the 'Mona Lisa' with a two-inch brush. All you have to learn here is how to have fun. A limb - that's where the fruit is. We'll make some happy little bushes here. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here. It's interesting. It’s about to freeze me to death. Friends are the most valuable things in the world. The very fact that you're aware of suffering is enough reason to be overjoyed that you're alive and bit.
With practice comes confidence. Don't hurry. This is probably the greatest thing that's ever happened in my life. We touch the canvas, the canvas takes what it wants. You can't make a mistake. It's a very cold picture, I may have to go get my coat. Now it's beginning to make a little sense. The first step to doing anything is to believe you can do it. You have to allow the paint to break to make it beautiful. The very fact that you're aware of suffering is enough reason to be overjoyed that you're alive and can experience it.
Give him a friend, we forget the trees get lonely too. Very easy to work these to death. All you have to learn here is how to have fun. It’s about to freeze me to death. I really believe that if you practice enough you could paint the 'Mona Lisa' with a two-inch brush. Be brave. All we need to do is just let it flow right out of us. The man who does the best job is the one who is happy at his job. Absolutely no pressure. In your world you can create anything you desire. I like to beat the brush. Let your heart be your guide. Even trees need a friend.
It's fun. There are no mistakes. Take your time and enjoy. We'll make some happy little bushes here. This is probably the greatest thing that's ever happened in my life. Don't fiddle with it all day. Pretend you're water. We don't need any guidelines or formats. If there's two big trees invariably sooner or later there's gonna be a little tree. See it finished in your mind before you ever start. We all need friends. It's interesting. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here.
This is an example of what you can do with just a few things, a little imagination and a happy dream in your heart. You are just a whisper floating across a mountain. Making all those little fluffies that live in the clouds. Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is. See. No worries. You can get away with a lot. No cares. The least little bit can do so much. Once you learn the technique, ohhh! Turn you loose on the world; you become a tiger.
===last line===